nurse
The family of the patient who farts here is going to the academy
How can they be discharged without writing it?
This patient's situation is rather peculiar
Life is more serious
It's possible to become a waiter and never wake up
Well, because the family took him home after finding out, he was late.
Brother, let's go
Your birth debut can also be done
What about your sister?
Your parents took him back
Why do you care so much about him?
He is my employee after all
I need to know how long it will take for him to come back, Princess Seven, then you must be disappointed
The doctor said he had become a vegetable
I will never be invited in my life
Come on, I'll take you back
Don't go back to Mingchuan brother
Didn't you promise me?
I'm out of the hospital and we'll have a wedding
Anyway, I'm going to be married soon
I'll stay at your house from now on
Don't be afraid
In fact, you just want to go to my house to see the dormitory, right?
What to feed you
Didn't I eat with you? Do you like him?
Are you trying to abandon me?
Big brother, can you really dream of your Mengmeng again?